# Disclaimers

This documentation is intended to inform and encourage public discussion by Star Atlas community members and developers about the engineering philosophy of the Star Atlas metaverse. The information in this documentation was prepared by ATMTA, Inc. for the benefit of the Star Atlas DAO.&#x20;

ATMTA, Inc. has taken reasonable measures to ensure the quality and accuracy of the information available in this documentation. However, ATMTA, Inc. makes no warranty, express or implied, nor assumes any legal liability or responsibility for the accuracy, correctness, completeness, or use of any information that is available in this documentation nor represents that its use would not infringe on the rights of other parties. ATMTA, Inc. may change, delete, add to, or otherwise amend information contained in this documentation without notice. ATMTA, Inc. is not responsible for the content of any other websites or pages linked to or referenced from this documentation.&#x20;

Except for statements of historical fact, the statements included herein are forward-looking statements that are based on the beliefs of ATMTA, Inc.’s management as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to ATMTA, Inc.’s management. Although ATMTA, Inc.’s management believes these forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, there can be no assurance that forward-looking statements will prove to be accurate, as actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements. ATMTA, Inc. undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements if circumstances or management’s estimates or opinions should change except as required under applicable law. These forward-looking statements are, by their nature, subject to significant risks and uncertainties. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and undue reliance should not be placed on them. No financial, tax, or legal advice is given or implied.
